oh yeah what is up English Learner I'm
Ethan your real-life English fluency
coach and I am back with a lesson that
is guaranteed to make you laugh in this
famous scene from friends Joey has to
learn French for an addition but it
turns out he is a terrible language
learner let's see what happens
also if you are new here please remember
to hit the subscribe button and join our
community of hundreds of thousand
English learners just like you from all
around the world now let's jump into the
lesson well anyway I'm glad you're back
I really need your help
oh what's that well I have an audition
for this play and for some of it I have
to speak French which according to my
resume I'm fluent in Joey
we shouldn't lie on your resume yeah you
really shouldn't by the way how is that
year-long dig in Cairo news okay I know
you spoke French can we be insurgent
buffle see Christy do pause on uh-oh
you're so sexy well so will you help me
I really want to be in this place sure
to the plaza April one one I mean
seriously stop but a bunch up on ya
seems pretty simple your first line is
my name is Claude so just repeat after
me
you're my backload you're the coop plow
let's try it again okay you're my pal
Claude shut the plea blue/white what I'm
saying really sounds exactly the same to
me
guys really yeah I was just trying to
get really listen got it
just m'appelle Claude that flew
please okay maybe if we just break it
down okay let's just let's try it one
syllable at a time
okay so repeat after me sure yeah ma ma
pen hey great okay faster yeah sure ma
ma pen pal sure my dad's me puh puh
it's too hard I can't teach you what are
you doing I have to go before I put your
head through a wall cat sack blue blood
flu good job thank you listen I
feel really badly about yesterday and I
thought about it a lot no I was too
impatient so let's try it again
oh no that's okay I don't need your help
I worked out of myself and I got to say
I am pretty good really can I hear some
of it
sure sure okay blade Ella Blair the blue
blob Li si you know you're not your
again you're not well I think I have
yeah and I think I'm definitely gonna
get the pause how could you possibly
think that for one thing the guy in the
tape said I was doing a good job
[Music]
whatever you're ready join right boo-boo
Claude I'm sorry what's going on dude
come on French hit up a Joey do you
speak French to tell us more you know
what I think this audition is over
excuse me I am resentful and I I was
passing by when I heard this man
speaking the the regional dialect of my
French town of Estee Lauder you really
think this man is speaking French je
vais would do everything same of this
where you know I'm perverted a
hello Sifu Bouvier jewelle is you a
victory
good job little buddy that was some
really good French but I think we're
gonna go with someone else for the part
but my French was good it was great
[Music]
anyway I'm glad you're back I really
need your help
why what's up what's up besides being
agreeing like how are you what's up is
also used to ask what's going on or
what's the matter as you can see in the
scene Phoebe asks what's up and Joey
answered with what he's doing
well I have an audition for this play
and for some of it I have to speak
French which according to my resume I'm
fluent in audition an interview or test
where someone shows that he or she is
right for the partner film play or show
by showing his or her skills an actor
singer or dancer
according to used for saying where
information or ideas have come from
example according to the GPS we are 70
meters from our destination resume a
piece of paper where you put information
that's relevant for an employer when you
are trying to get a job also known as a
CV Joey you shouldn't lie on your resume
yeah you really shouldn't by the way how
is that year long dig in Cairo
by the way used to introduce a new
subject especially one that we have just
thought of or that is in some way
related to what we are talking about
before example thank you for the dinner
which by the way was the best one I've
had in a long time
year long putting long after word or
expression of time is an alternative way
to order words within a sentence to make
it sound more direct and brief for
example instead of saying a trip that
lasts an hour you can say an hour-long
trip as a verb to dig means to make a
hole in the ground in the context of
paleontology or archaeology a dig is an
excavation where scientists look to find
and exam remains of old civilizations
animals etc you stop but I lunch upon
you seriously stop but I like jump on
you I'm gonna jump on you Rachel here is
saying that Phoebe's French is causing
her to feel sexually attracted to her
Rachel to Phoebe
more commonly in other situations this
phrase means to criticize someone
example he jumped on me when I made a
mistake quite what I'm saying not quite
not completely or not exactly example
there were some moments in the interview
when I wasn't quite sure what's a really
listen got it used to say that you now
understand something example do you want
me to tell you the instructions again no
that's okay
I got it also often used to say that you
have the situation under control
example are you going to be able to give
the presentation in English don't worry
I got it okay maybe if we just break it
down break something down to separate
something into smaller and more
manageable chunks or pieces example let
me break down the reports in two parts
what are you doing myself and I gotta
say I am pretty good work something up
to manage to find the solution to a
problem by thinking about it example
you'll find this game difficult at first
but you'll work it out pretty soon I
gotta say used to add extra emphasis and
enthusiasm for what you're about to say
example I volunteered to help in the
kitchen but I gotta say I don't know
anything about cooking but here Joey
uses this expression in another calm
way which is the excuse yourself for a
lack of modesty and say I have no other
option but to brag about this another
example of this would be I gotta say my
English has improved a lot since I
started watching these videos how could
you possibly think that for one thing
the guy in the tape shut up doing a good
job possibly plus verb possibly often
goes together with certain verbs to
communicate surprise or shock example
how could you possibly think that's a
good idea
for one thing use one mentioning one
reason for something as an example when
there are several other reasons example
in the u.s. I choose to live in San
Diego for one thing you have nice
weather all year round tape the most
popular media for recording and
reproducing audio before digital mp3
technology became mainstream tape is
also used to refer to a VHS tape
dude come on French it up French it up
means to start speaking more French Joey
in a creative and funny way invents a
new expression by adding up after the
noun even though this type of
construction is a standard part of the
language natives occasionally invent new
words this way
for example although the word vocab is
not a standard verb somebody might say
in a playful way
let's vocab it up and learn some new
idioms so you just learned how you can
create a new expression in English and I
have a challenge for you create an
example with an expression like French
it up and write it down in the comments
below we will correct many of your
responses also check in the comments
because we will give you some more
examples so quickly hit pause and go and
participate in the challenge I was
passing by when I heard this man
speaking the the regional dialect of my
French town of Estee Lauder Estee louder
this is funny because Phoebe says
whatever French sounding words come
first to her mind and in this case as
they louder is a company that
manufactures makeup products not a town
in France see boo boo yay
as you will as you have agree to humor
someone as a verb this word means to do
what someone wants so that they don't
become upset
however unreasonable their wishes might
be example I applied for the job just
humor my parents but I think we're gonna
go with but I think we're gonna go with
someone else for the part to go with
something or someone to choose something
or someone for a particular purpose
example eight people applied for the job
and I think we're going to go with the
last lady we interview well anyway I'm
glad you're back I really need your help
oh what's that well I have an audition
for this play and for some of it I have
to speak French which according to my
resume I'm fluent in Joey you shouldn't
lie on your resume yeah you really
shouldn't by the way how is that year
long dig in Cairo news okay I know you
spoke French we be insurgent prophecy
mr. DuBose Allah oh you're so sexy well
so will you help me I really want to be
in this place sure to the please a poom
one one I mean seriously stop but I love
Anya
seems pretty simple your first line is
my name is Claude so just repeat after
me
use your my backload the coop plow
let's try it again you're my pal Claude
shut the plea bloom it's not quite what
I'm saying sounds exactly the same to me
guys really yeah I was just trying to
get really listen got it
just m'appelle Claude that flew 300
okay maybe if we just break it down okay
let's just let's try it one syllable at
a time
okay so repeat after me sure yeah ma ma
pen pen great ok faster yeah sure ma ma
pen pal sure my bad me poopoo
it's too hard I can't teach you what are
you doing I have to go before I put your
head through a wall
tomorrow can't sack blue blood flu
good job thank you listen I feel really
badly about yesterday and I thought
about it a lot no I was too impatient so
let's try it again
oh no that's okay I don't need your help
I worked out of myself and I gotta say I
am pretty good really can I hear some of
it
sure sure okay
blade Ella Blair the blue blob lay see
you're not your again you're not
oh well I think I have yeah and I think
I'm definitely gonna get the pause how
could you possibly think that for one
thing the guy on the tape shutouts doing
a good job
[Music]
whenever you're ready Joey right booboo
clothed I'm sorry what's going on dude
come on French it up hey Joey
do you speak French to tell us more you
know what I think this audition is
Oliver excuse me
I am Eugene Falange
I I was passing by when I heard this man
speaking the the regional dialect of my
French town of Estee Lauder you really
think this man is speaking French je
vais vous en everything say Monte faire
la tarde
hello see booboo yeah jewelle is you a
victory good job little buddy that was
some really good French but I think
we're gonna go with someone else for the
part oh but my French was good
it was great Oh wha oh yeah I hope you
had a lot of fun learning with us today
remember when you finish this video go
back to the start and watch that scene
again to test your understanding without
subtitles also a quick question are you
frustrated when you can't understand
native English speakers without
subtitles well we have a free three-part
mini course that you are going to enjoy
a lot and it will help you to understand
fast speaking natives without getting
lost and without subtitles you can learn
more about that by clicking the link
down in the description box below or
simply click here and click here right
now to join our community and get our
newest lessons every week by subscribing
last if you want to watch some more
lessons with friends click here thanks
so much for watching and now go out
there and kick ass with your English